---
title: 'Unveiling the Complexities of Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID): Challenges in Diagnosis, Treatment, and Implications for Health'
date: 2024-02-26
permalink: /posts/2024/02/blog-EMH
tags:
  - ARFID

---

To kick off this year's Eating Disorders Awareness Week blog series, Dr Michelle Sader reflects on the complexities of a largely unknown and misunderstood eating disorder, Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID), which is the focus of  Beat's EDAW 2024 campaign. <br>
<br>
Read the post on [Edinburgh Mental Health's website](https://www.edinburghmentalhealth.org/post/unveiling-the-complexities-of-avoidant-restrictive-food-intake-disorder-arfid-challenges-in-diagn).

What is ARFID?
======
<br>
<i>Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) is a condition characterised by the person avoiding certain foods or types of food, having restricted intake in terms of overall amount eaten, or both </i><br>
<br>
<i>Beat Eating Disorders #WeAreNotBeingFussy</i><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Avoidant/restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID) is a severe feeding and eating disorder (FED) marked by food avoidance or restricted food intake. Individuals with ARFID restrict the amount of food eaten, and therefore do not get enough calories, or restrict the range of foods eaten, resulting in diminished health<sup>1,2</sup>. Importantly, ARFID differs from the generalised term “picky eating”<sup>3</sup>. Instead, individuals with ARFID experience severe health-related and psychological consequences resulting from their disordered eating. The formal diagnosis of ARFID did not exist until 2013<sup>1</sup>, and while ARFID is a new term, eating problems associated with the FED have long been recognised by clinicians. Referrals for ARFID are increasing, but health services lack an evidence base to effectively support these individuals <sup>4</sup>. <br> 
<br> Inherent to ARFID is a persistent lack of obtaining required dietary needs for reasons separate to body image disturbances or fear of gaining weight, often seen in eating disorders (EDs) such as anorexia nervosa (AN)<sup>1,2,5</sup>. Difficulties in meeting dietary needs in ARFID can be driven by a lack of interest in food, sensory-related avoidance of food based or concerns about aversive consequences of eating, such as choking<sup>1,2,6-8</sup>. However, individuals do not need to have a low weight to meet criteria for ARFID, and weight-state can vary across the spectrum<sup>9</sup>. On average, individuals with ARFID are younger<sup>10-12</sup> and contrasting other EDs, exhibit higher prevalence in male relative to female individuals<sup>8,10-12,13-17</sup>. However, recent community-based reports observe similar male-to-female distributions in ARFID<sup>18-22</sup>, with further research warranted to validate associations between gender and disorder prevalence. <br>
<br>
ARFID can exert a significant impact on an individual’s physical health. A common and often diagnostic consequence from restrictive eating habits displayed in ARFID is weight loss, compromised growth, as well as significant malnutrition and/or a dependence on supplements<sup>1,2,6</sup> due to vitamin and mineral deficiencies<sup>23,24</sup>. ARFID can also significantly impact an individual's mental health<sup>25-27</sup>, with prevalence reports ranging between 9.1%-72.0% in anxiety disorders and 4.0%-33.0% in mood disorders<sup>10,11,13,27,28-31</sup>. Across individuals with ARFID, 57.1% present with one and 14.3% present with more than one co-occurring psychiatric diagnosis. Studies demonstrate significant interference to social, occupational and school-related functioning in those with ARFID<sup>8,32,33</sup> as well as significant impact to health-related quality of life<sup>27,34</sup>. There is also a high proportion of neurodivergent individuals exhibiting co-occurring ARFID, with reported ARFID prevalence rates in Autism ranging between 3% to as high as 55%<sup>10,30,35-37</sup>. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has also been reported to be over-represented in ARFID populations, with studies suggesting ADHD to be significantly more prevalent in ARFID populations than other EDs, such as in AN populations<sup>31,38</sup>. <br>
<br>
Prevalence rates of ARFID highly vary across literature<sup>12</sup>, ranging between 0.3%-17.9% in global populations<sup>5,16,18,20,21,27,29,34,39-42</sup>, and 0.9%-32% in clinical eating disorder (ED) populations<sup>8,10,11,28,31,42-47</sup>. Within the UK and Republic of Ireland, preliminary research finds the minimum incidence of diagnosed ARFID in youth is reported to be 3.09 per 100,000 individuals<sup>48</sup>. There are also high proportions of individuals with ARFID also suffering from gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, with ARFID prevalence ranging from 1.5%-32% across GI clinics<sup>13,48-51</sup>. Multiple prevalence reports demonstrate that rates of ARFID are higher than rates seen in other EDs, such as in AN (where global prevalence ranges between 0.044%-1.95%) or bulimia nervosa (where global prevalence ranges between 0.1%-2.95%)<sup>52,53</sup>. Similarly, the duration of illness for those with ARFID is reported to be similar<sup>33</sup> or longer <sup>11,54</sup> than duration observed in other EDs such as AN <sup>23</sup>23, alongside similar rates of recovery and disorder outcome <sup>33,55,56</sup>. <br>
<br>
Due to the novelty of the ARFID diagnosis, there are multiple barriers to treatment, such as lack of awareness and education of the FED, limited access to standardised care pathways, and existing stigma concerning the perceived severity of ARFID<sup>57-60</sup>. Healthcare professionals not only struggle to characterise or diagnose children with ARFID, but also find difficulty in identifying professionals or organisations capable of further assessment, treatment and support<sup58></sup58>. Consequently, neither the National Institute of Health and Care Excellent (NICE) nor the Scottish Collegiate Guidelines Network (SIGN) guidelines on the treatment of EDs make any recommendations on the treatment of ARFID. Despite impediments, current reports highlight the efficacy of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT<sup>61</sup>), family-based treatment<sup>62-64</sup>, food exposure<sup>61</sup>, psychological intervention (such as positive reinforcement<sup>62,63</sup>) and anxiety management<sup>64,65</sup>. Importantly, research heavily focuses on treatment-based approaches across childhood and early adolescence, with further studies necessary to understand ARFID recovery and outcome in adulthood<sup>66</sup>. <br>
<br>
In summary, ARFID is incredibly complex, presenting significant challenges in diagnosis and treatment, with profound implications for physical and mental health. Despite increasing recognition, barriers to support persist, highlighting the need for further research and development of evidence-based interventions.

Acknowledgements
======
I would like to extend an enormous thanks to Dr Emy Nimbley (University of Edinburgh) and Dr Samuel Chawner (Cardiff University) for their collaborative work and review of the existing ARFID literature, which served as a primary source for this material.<br>

References
======

    1. American Psychiatric Association. Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. 5th ed. 2013.
    2. American Psychiatric Association. Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Text Revision DSM-5-TR. 5th ed. 2022.
    3. Cano SC, Hoek HW, Bryant-Waugh R. Picky eating: the current state of research. Current opinion in psychiatry. 2015 Nov 1;28(6):448-54.
    4. Eisler I, Simic M, Fonagy P, Bryant-Waugh R. Implementing service transformation for children and adolescents with eating disorders across England: the theory, politics, and pragmatics of large-scale service reform. Journal of Eating Disorders. 2022 Dec;10(1):1-5.
    5. Kurz S, Van Dyck Z, Dremmel D, Munsch S, Hilbert A. Early-onset restrictive eating disturbances in primary school boys and girls. European child & adolescent psychiatry. 2015 Jul;24:779-85.
    6. Bourne L, Bryant-Waugh R, Cook J, Mandy W. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: A systematic scoping review of the current literature. Psychiatry Research. 2020 Jun 1;288:112961.
    7. Sharp WG, Stubbs KH. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: A diagnosis at the intersection of feeding and eating disorders necessitating subtype differentiation. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):398-401.
    8. Zickgraf HF, Lane‐Loney S, Essayli JH, Ornstein RM. Further support for diagnostically meaningful ARFID symptom presentations in an adolescent medicine partial hospitalization program. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):402-9.
    9. Becker KR, Keshishian AC, Liebman RE, Coniglio KA, Wang SB, Franko DL, Eddy KT, Thomas JJ. Impact of expanded diagnostic criteria for avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder on clinical comparisons with anorexia nervosa. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Mar;52(3):230-8.
    10. Nicely TA, Lane-Loney S, Masciulli E, Hollenbeak CS, Ornstein RM. Prevalence and characteristics of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a cohort of young patients in day treatment for eating disorders. Journal of eating disorders. 2014 Dec;2(1):1-8.
    11. Fisher M, Gonzalez M, Malizio J. Eating disorders in adolescents: how does the DSM-5 change the diagnosis?. International journal of adolescent medicine and health. 2015 Nov 1;27(4):437-41.
    12. Sanchez‐Cerezo J, Nagularaj L, Gledhill J, Nicholls D. What do we know about the epidemiology of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in children and adolescents? A systematic review of the literature. European Eating Disorders Review. 2023 Mar;31(2):226-46.
    13. Eddy KT, Thomas JJ, Hastings E, Edkins K, Lamont E, Nevins CM, Patterson RM, Murray HB, Bryant‐Waugh R, Becker AE. Prevalence of DSM‐5 avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a pediatric gastroenterology healthcare network. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2015 Jul;48(5):464-70.
    14. Zimmerman J, Fisher M. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID). Current problems in pediatric and adolescent health care. 2017 Apr 1;47(4):95-103.
    15. Makhzoumi SH, Schreyer CC, Hansen JL, Laddaran LA, Redgrave GW, Guarda AS. Hospital course of underweight youth with ARFID treated with a meal‐based behavioral protocol in an inpatient‐partial hospitalization program for eating disorders. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):428-34.
    16. Schmidt R, Kirsten T, Hiemisch A, Kiess W, Hilbert A. Interview‐based assessment of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID): A pilot study evaluating an ARFID module for the eating disorder examination. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):388-97.
    17. Alberts Z, Fewtrell M, Nicholls DE, Biassoni L, Easty M, Hudson LD. Bone mineral density in anorexia nervosa versus avoidant restrictive food intake disorder. Bone. 2020 May 1;134:115307.
    18. Gonçalves S, Vieira AI, Machado BC, Costa R, Pinheiro J, Conceiçao E. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder symptoms in children: Associations with child and family variables. Children's Health Care. 2019 Jul 3;48(3):301-13.
    19. Chua SN, Fitzsimmons‐Craft EE, Austin SB, Wilfley DE, Taylor CB. Estimated prevalence of eating disorders in Singapore. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2021 Jan;54(1):7-18.
    20. Hilbert A, Zenger M, Eichler J, Brähler E. Psychometric evaluation of the Eating Disorders in Youth‐Questionnaire when used in adults: Prevalence estimates for symptoms of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder and population norms. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2021 Mar;54(3):399-408.
    21. Sader M, Harris HA, Waiter GD, Jackson MC, Voortman T, Jansen PW, Williams JH. Prevalence and Characterization of Avoidant Restrictive Food Intake Disorder in a Pediatric Population. JAACAP Open. 2023 Sep 1;1(2):116-27.
    22. Watts R, Archibald T, Hembry P, Howard M, Kelly C, Loomes R, Markham L, Moss H, Munuve A, Oros A, Siddall A. The clinical presentation of avoidant restrictive food intake disorder in children and adolescents is largely independent of sex, autism spectrum disorder and anxiety traits. EClinicalMedicine. 2023 Sep 1;63.
    23. Strandjord SE, Sieke EH, Richmond M, Rome ES. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: illness and hospital course in patients hospitalized for nutritional insufficiency. Journal of Adolescent Health. 2015 Dec 1;57(6):673-8.
    24. Chandran JJ, Anderson G, Kennedy A, Kohn M, Clarke S. Subacute combined degeneration of the spinal cord in an adolescent male with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: A clinical case report. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2015 Dec;48(8):1176-9.
    25. Bryson AE, Scipioni AM, Essayli JH, Mahoney JR, Ornstein RM. Outcomes of low‐weight patients with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder and anorexia nervosa at long‐term follow‐up after treatment in a partial hospitalization program for eating disorders. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2018 May;51(5):470-4.
    26. Cañas L, Palma C, Molano AM, Domene L, Carulla‐Roig M, Cecilia‐Costa R, Dolz M, Serrano‐Troncoso E. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: Psychopathological similarities and differences in comparison to anorexia nervosa and the general population. European Eating Disorders Review. 2021 Mar;29(2):245-56.
    27. Van Buuren L, Fleming CA, Hay P, Bussey K, Trompeter N, Lonergan A, Mitchison D. The prevalence and burden of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) in a general adolescent population. Journal of eating disorders. 2023 Jun 29;11(1):104.
    28. Cooney M, Lieberman M, Guimond T, Katzman DK. Clinical and psychological features of children and adolescents diagnosed with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a pediatric tertiary care eating disorder program: a descriptive study. Journal of Eating Disorders. 2018 Dec;6(1):1-8.
    29. Goldberg HR, Katzman DK, Allen L, Martin S, Sheehan C, Kaiserman J, Macdonald G, Kives S. The prevalence of children and adolescents at risk for avoidant restrictive food intake disorder in a pediatric and adolescent gynecology clinic. Journal of Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. 2020 Oct 1;33(5):466-9.
    30. Kambanis PE, Kuhnle MC, Wons OB, Jo JH, Keshishian AC, Hauser K, Becker KR, Franko DL, Misra M, Micali N, Lawson EA. Prevalence and correlates of psychiatric comorbidities in children and adolescents with full and subthreshold avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2020 Feb;53(2):256-65.
    31. Zanna V, Criscuolo M, Mereu A, Cinelli G, Marchetto C, Pasqualetti P, Tozzi AE, Castiglioni MC, Chianello I, Vicari S. Restrictive eating disorders in children and adolescents: a comparison between clinical and psychopathological profiles. Eating and Weight Disorders-Studies on Anorexia, Bulimia and Obesity. 2021 Jun;26:1491-501.
    32. Krom H, van der Sluijs Veer L, van Zundert S, Otten MA, Benninga M, Haverman L, Kindermann A. Health related quality of life of infants and children with avoidant restrictive food intake disorder. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):410-8.
    33. Lange CA, Ekedahl Fjertorp H, Holmer R, Wijk E, Wallin U. Long‐term follow‐up study of low‐weight avoidant restrictive food intake disorder compared with childhood‐onset anorexia nervosa: Psychiatric and occupational outcome in 56 patients. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Apr;52(4):435-8.
    34. Hay P, Mitchison D, Collado AE, González-Chica DA, Stocks N, Touyz S. Burden and health-related quality of life of eating disorders, including Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID), in the Australian population. Journal of eating disorders. 2017 Dec;5(1):1-0.
    35. Koomar T, Thomas TR, Pottschmidt NR, Lutter M, Michaelson JJ. Estimating the prevalence and genetic risk mechanisms of ARFID in a large autism cohort. Frontiers in psychiatry. 2021 Jun 9;12:668297.
    36. Inoue T, Otani R, Iguchi T, Ishii R, Uchida S, Okada A, Kitayama S, Koyanagi K, Suzuki Y, Suzuki Y, Sumi Y. Prevalence of autism spectrum disorder and autistic traits in children with anorexia nervosa and avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder. BioPsychoSocial medicine. 2021 Dec;15(1):1-1.
    37. Farag F, Sims A, Strudwick K, Carrasco J, Waters A, Ford V, Hopkins J, Whitlingum G, Absoud M, Kelly VB. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder and autism spectrum disorder: clinical implications for assessment and management. Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology. 2022 Feb;64(2):176-82.
    38. Keery H, LeMay-Russell S, Barnes TL, Eckhardt S, Peterson CB, Lesser J, Gorrell S, Le Grange D. Attributes of children and adolescents with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder. Journal of eating disorders. 2019 Dec;7:1-9.
    39. Seike K, Nakazato M, Hanazawa H, Ohtani T, Niitsu T. Questionnaire Survey for Assessing the Present Condition of Children with Eating Disorders in Japanese Schools. J Health Edu Res Dev. 2016;4(163):2.
    40. Dunn TM, Hawkins N, Gagliano S, Stoddard K. Individuals who self-identify as having “orthorexia nervosa” score in the clinical range on the Eating Attitudes Test-26. Eating and Weight Disorders-Studies on Anorexia, Bulimia and Obesity. 2019 Dec;24:1025-30.
    41. Chen YL, Chen WJ, Lin KC, Shen LJ, Gau SS. Prevalence of DSM-5 mental disorders in a nationally representative sample of children in Taiwan: methodology and main findings. Epidemiology and psychiatric sciences. 2020;29:e15.
    42. Schöffel H, Hiemisch A, Kiess W, Hilbert A, Schmidt R. Characteristics of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a general paediatric inpatient sample. European Eating Disorders Review. 2021 Jan;29(1):60-73.
    43. Ornstein RM, Essayli JH, Nicely TA, Masciulli E, Lane‐Loney S. Treatment of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a cohort of young patients in a partial hospitalization program for eating disorders. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2017 Sep;50(9):1067-74.
    44. Norris ML, Robinson A, Obeid N, Harrison M, Spettigue W, Henderson K. Exploring avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in eating disordered patients: A descriptive study. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2014 Jul;47(5):495-9.
    45. Williams KE, Hendy HM, Field DG, Belousov Y, Riegel K, Harclerode W. Implications of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) on children with feeding problems. Children's Health Care. 2015 Oct 2;44(4):307-21.
    46. Nakai Y, Nin K, Noma SI, Teramukai S, Wonderlich SA. Characteristics of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a cohort of adult patients. European Eating Disorders Review. 2016 Nov;24(6):528-30.
    47. Nakai Y, Nin K, Noma SI, Hamagaki S, Takagi R, Teramukai S, Wonderlich SA. Clinical presentation and outcome of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in a Japanese sample. Eating behaviors. 2017 Jan 1;24:49-53.
    48. Sanchez-Cerezo J, Neale J, Hudson L, Lynn RM, Julius N, Nicholls D. 731 A national surveillance study of ARFID in the UK and Ireland.
    49. Harer KN, Jagielski C, Chey WD, Riehl M. 466 Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID) Among Adult Gastroenterology Behavioral Health Patients: Comparison of ARFID vs. Non-ARFID Patients. Official journal of the American College of Gastroenterology| ACG. 2019 Oct 1;114:S271-2.
    50. Murray HB, Bailey AP, Keshishian AC, Silvernale CJ, Staller K, Eddy KT, Thomas JJ, Kuo B. Prevalence and characteristics of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in adult neurogastroenterology patients. Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology. 2020 Aug 1;18(9):1995-2002.
    51. Burton Murray H, Jehangir A, Silvernale CJ, Kuo B, Parkman HP. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder symptoms are frequent in patients presenting for symptoms of gastroparesis. Neurogastroenterology & Motility. 2020 Dec;32(12):e13931.
    52. Wu J, Liu J, Li S, Ma H, Wang Y. Trends in the prevalence and disability-adjusted life years of eating disorders from 1990 to 2017: results from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017. Epidemiology and psychiatric sciences. 2020;29:e191.
    53. van Eeden AE, van Hoeken D, Hoek HW. Incidence, prevalence and mortality of anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa. Current opinion in psychiatry. 2021 Nov;34(6):515.
    54. Lieberman M, Houser ME, Voyer AP, Grady S, Katzman DK. Children with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder and anorexia nervosa in a tertiary care pediatric eating disorder program: A comparative study. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2019 Mar;52(3):239-45.
    55. Kurotori I, Shioda K, Abe T, Kato R, Ishikawa S, Suda S. An inpatient observational study: characteristics and outcomes of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) in children and adolescents in Japan. Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment. 2019 Nov 27:3313-21.
    56. Tamura A, Minami K, Tsuda Y, Tsujimoto H, Ichikawa T, Mizumoto K, Suzuki H. Characteristics and outcomes of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder in Japanese elementary-school students on total parenteral nutrition. Pediatric Investigation. 2021 Dec 25;5(04):293-8.
    57. Ellis JM, Essayli JH, Zickgraf HF, Rossi J, Hlavka R, Carels RA, Whited MC. Comparing stigmatizing attitudes toward anorexia nervosa, binge-eating disorder, avoidant-restrictive food intake disorder, and subthreshold eating behaviors in college students. Eating behaviors. 2020 Dec 1;39:101443.
    58. Harrison A. Falling Through the Cracks: UK Health Professionals’ Perspective of Diagnosis and Treatment for Children and Adolescents with Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder. Child Care in Practice. 2021 Sep 15:1-1.
    59. Breithaupt L, Kahn DL, Slattery M, Plessow F, Mancuso C, Izquierdo A, Dreier MJ, Becker K, Franko DL, Thomas JJ, Holsen L. Eighteen-month course and outcome of adolescent restrictive eating disorders: Persistence, crossover, and recovery. Journal of Clinical Child & Adolescent Psychology. 2022 Sep 3;51(5):715-25.
    60. Thomas JJ, Lawson EA, Micali N, Misra M, Deckersbach T, Eddy KT. Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder: a three-dimensional model of neurobiology with implications for etiology and treatment. Current psychiatry reports. 2017 Aug;19:1-9.
    61. Bloomfield BS, Fischer AJ, Clark RR, Dove MB. Treatment of food selectivity in a child with avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder through parent teleconsultation. Behavior Analysis in Practice. 2019 Mar 29;12:33-43.
    62. Taylor T, Haberlin A, Haberlin J. Treatment of avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder for a teenager with typical development within the home setting. Journal of Adolescence. 2019 Dec 1;77:11-20.
    63. Knatz Peck S, Towne T, Wierenga CE, Hill L, Eisler I, Brown T, Han E, Miller M, Perry T, Kaye W. Temperament-based treatment for young adults with eating disorders: acceptability and initial efficacy of an intensive, multi-family, parent-involved treatment. Journal of eating disorders. 2021 Dec;9:1-7.
    64. Bryant‐Waugh R. Avoidant restrictive food intake disorder: An illustrative case example. International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2013 Jul;46(5):420-3.
    65. Dolman L, Thornley S, Doxtdator K, Leclerc A, Findlay S, Grant C, Breakey VR, Couturier J. Multimodal therapy for rigid, persistent avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) since infancy: A case report. Clinical child psychology and psychiatry. 2021 Apr;26(2):451-63.
    66. Willmott E, Dickinson R, Hall C, Sadikovic K, Wadhera E, Micali N, Trompeter N, Jewell T. A scoping review of psychological interventions and outcomes for avoidant and restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID). International Journal of Eating Disorders. 2023 Oct 24.


